ClientLite 
I. General requirements 
A. Name of app 
ClientLite 
B. Users 
Massage therapists and other health care professionals  
C. Background 
Massage therapists and some other health care professionals may not have need for a "proper" client database but need to produce annual reports to health care authorities. 
Since many are self-employed and cut costs by not investing in software, they need to either manually gather the information or keep a spreadsheet like i myself used to do. 
With the aid of the app one could look up this information quickly for reports. 
II. User stories for user "massage therapist" 
1. Entering a new client 
A new client comes for the first time and they are given a medical history form/basic information form to fill in. Based on the information they have filled in, the user will 
create a new client in the system. Information will include first and last name, telephone number. Id number will serve as unique identifier. 
2. Creating a new treatment session 
The user will enter a treatment session for each time the client comes in for a treatment. The user searches for the id of the client and uses it as an identifier together with 
the treatment date. The location of the treatment will be entered. 
3. Creating report for number of clients 
The user needs to produce a report for the number of clients per year per location. They do so  by querying the number through the app.  
4. Creating report for number of treatment sessions 
The user needs to produce a report for the number of all treatment sessions per year per location. They do so by querying the number through the app. 
5. Searching for specific info on client 
The user has taken ill and must search for the phone number of the client. Rather than go to the manual records, they do a search using the app. 
6. Updating info on the client 
The client has changed their number or their name. The user then updates the info in the database. 
7. Deleting a client 
After providing the annual reports, the user wants to remove some of the clients they know have moved from the area or passed away. The user then deletes a client from the database. 
8. Deleting treatments 
After submitting yearly reports, the user wants to reset the treatments. They do so by deleting the treatments. 